>>The more humanity
strays from its origin,
the more we deny our
bond with nature.
The farther from
perfection we become.
We are the only creatures on the
planet use symbols in reference
to something else.
We use symbols for
absolutely everything
the mind can conceive of.
There is at least one
word or icon or gesture
to insinuate everything our
five senses can detect, and then
some.
But along with this
beautiful gift comes a flaw.
Most people are unwilling
to seek and create
their own interpretations
of these symbols.
Instead, they blindly
submit to preconceived
definitions and connotations
given by sources unknown.
Because of this,
many things have
been predetermined in
our understanding of life
without our knowledge.
Words can be perverted and
used to manipulate rather than
to inform.
Symbols can be used to
segregate rather than unite.
And those given the
responsibility and authority
to disseminated
information to the public
possess the ability to do
with it what they choose.
Listen carefully.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Every 26,000 years,
our solar system
passes through the
12 zodiac signs.
Ancient civilizations such as
the Hopi, Cherokee, Apache,
and the Mayans were aware
of this great cycle,
and developed calendars
according to it.
This cycle stems from
many different occurrences
in nature, such as the
sun's orbit around Alcyon,
the central star
of the Pleiades,
as well as the 260-day
cycle of human gestation.
This cycle is broken
down into five subcycles
of 5,125 years each, which were
thought to have their own age.
The Aztec calendar, or
the Mesoamerican Sunstone,
depicted each cycle
being destroyed
by one of the five elements.
The cycle we are currently in is
the Age of the Fifth Sun-- 3113
BC to 2012 AD.
More precisely, this great
cycle ends December 21, 2012.
Mayan cultures and civilizations
were aware of this end date.
And Nostradamus even prophesied
great changes in this time.
Four Earth, which
we are currently in,
is also known as movement,
shift, evolution,
and consciousness.
Living Maya timekeepers
proclaim that the Earth
has been through fire,
earth, air, and water.
The final element
is ether, or center.
The Hopi believe that the
fourth world of destruction
closes and the
fifth world of peace
begins on December 21, 2012.
This great cycle is broken down
into what the Mayans believed
to be 13 baktuns.
Earth began the
13th baktun in 1618,
which was known as the
triumph of materialism,
as well as the Time
of Great Forgetting,
in the prediction that
humanity will lose awareness
of their true bond
with nature by means
of external possessions.
This is where ego and domination
become the predominant ambition
of the civilized world.
Not surprisingly,
this time frame
was precisely when the worldwide
coordination of Pope Gregory
the Eighth forced the
12-month calendar, as well
as the first mechanical
clock, onto indigenous people.
This is what is known
as the error in time.
Before the inception of these
two instruments by the Roman
Catholic Church, each year was
divided into 13 moon cycles
with 28 days each.
But the most detrimental
part of these two instruments
is the insinuation that time is
something external, something
inorganic and outside the body
that we must watch and obey.
The seventh-century
Mayan prophet Pacal Votan
left a powerful message
for future generations--
if humanity wishes
to save itself
from biospheric
destruction, it must return
to living in natural time.
He also foretold of our
accelerated technological
society and the damage of
our collective divergence
from natural law in exchange
for material values.
Astrology and the
study of the heavens
are as old as
civilization itself.
Throughout the past
several thousand years,
new religions have all but
replaced the pagan religions
of prior years.
Man has always been so
thoroughly fascinated
by these objects in the sky that
they have formed constellations
for them and gave them stories.
In Greek mythology, these
were personified as the gods.
We notice in structures
that still stand to this day
that the most ancient
of civilizations
put forth more
wealth, power, time,
and effort into the
locations of the stars
than any other practice.
This is commonly written
off a simple curiosity.
But the truth is becoming
clearer by the day
as we close in on the zero
year of December 21, 2012.
It is a common misperception
that the pagan religion
is rarely practiced today.
In fact, paganism
in its evolution
is the most widely practiced
form or philosophy of religion.
You may ask yourself,
how is this possible?
The answer is
hidden in nearly all
of our current
popular religions.
But who would have the
time, power, or desire
to integrate the seemingly
long-gone philosophy
in such popular
opposite denominations?
Dr. Adam Weishaupt was
born on February 6, 1748,
in Ingolstadt, a city
in Bayern, Germany.
This interesting character
was the son of a rabbi,
and converted to Catholicism
after his father's death.
After studying French
philosophers such as Voltaire,
he learned theology and
the mystery religions
in the French royal court.
World-famous banker
Mayer Amschel Rothschild
of the Rothschild
dynasty chose Weishaupt
to create the Coven of Golden
Dawn, which is to this day
Rothschild's private coven.
Amschel Rothschild, for
those who are unaware,
instigated the American
Revolution, America's supposed
liberation from Britain.
Rothschild instructed
Weishaupt to create
the Ancient Illuminated
Seers of Bavaria.
This is better known as the
Order of the Illuminati.
The name means the
bearer of light,
the illuminated or
enlightened one, which is also
another name for Lucifer.
The Areopagite, or tribunal,
was the inner circle of people
in this supreme order, and
were the only ones privy
to the secret meetings.
In Nesta Webster's book "World
Revolution," she states,
"The art of illuminism lay
in enlisting dupes as well
as adepts, and by encouraging
dreams of honest visionaries
or the schemes of
fanatics, by flattering
the vanity of ambitious details,
by working unbalanced brains,
or by playing on such
passions as greed and power
to make men of
totally divergent aims
serve the secret
purpose of the sect.
People with money were
welcomed, but kept oblivious
of actual secrets.
The purpose is to
win power and riches,
to undermine secular or
religious government,
and to attain the
masters of the world."
The goal of the order was
and still is to one day
deliver the human race
from all other religions
and into a single religion.
Progression through the
political and religious
hierarchy was
obtained by blackmail,
in the form of bribing
people in power
with sex from local prostitutes.
In the 16th and 17th century,
high-ranking officials
in political or
religious organizations
were liable to be sentenced
to death for such acts.
In 1780, Baron Franz Friedrich
Knigge was also recruited.
He was the most
instrumental person
in the marriage of the
Masons and the Illuminati.
This allowed the Illuminati
to expand rapidly
with the use of Masonic lodges.
On August 29, 1781,
Congress of Wilhelmsbad
declared the alliance official.
Those in attendance
were put under oath
never to reveal what took
place in that meeting.
Comte de Virieu, a Mason from
Martiniste Lodge at Lyons,
was questioned about the
meeting upon his arrival home.
He stated, "I can only
tell you that all of this
is much more serious
than you think.
The conspiracy
which is being woven
is so well thought-out that
it will be, so to speak,
impossible for the monarchy
and the church to escape it."
He later denounced
the Illuminati.
Sir John Dee.
John Dee was a servant of Queen
Elizabeth Tudor of the Tudor
dynasty.
He was the head of the
British Secret Service, MI5.
He was also known for the
practice of black magic,
and his affiliation
with occult rituals.
Occult means hidden
within conscious realms.
If you are unaware of
the occult paganism's
dominance in the world to
this day, pay close attention.
Pagan symbols, gods,
rituals, and doctrines
are the basis for
most every religion
practiced throughout the world.
For example, the
symbol of the cross
is derived from the
vertical masculine line
and the horizontal feminine
line connecting in tantric union
to create motion or vibration.
As with all vibration,
energy is created
and begins to spin
the cross, giving us
the symbol of the swastika.
This is why you see
the swastika used
in many ancient spiritual
or religious images.
As said before,
pantheistic rituals
are prevalent in all
monotheistic religions today.
Circumcision is a
pagan rituals marking
males in a ceremonial fashion.
Weddings are pagan by
nature in the wearing
of a ring, which originally
symbolized the ring of Saturn.
Funerals follow the same
pagan-derived ritual
when a geometrical tomb
is placed over a grave
to embody or
immortalize the spirit.
Baptism is a ritual to
submerge a child in holy water
to symbolize the
renewal of life,
just as rain
replenishes the Earth.
One of the meanings
of the holy grail
is the womb and menstrual blood.
It also refers to the
emptiness of the mind, filled
with unlimited life force--
the blood of Christ.
This ritual was taken over
by the patriarchal society.
Males could not give
life as women do,
so to symbolize a
male giving life
was to draw blood, which
could only be done by injury.
In ancient Egypt,
the goddess Isis
was the personification
of wisdom.
Pharaoh Akhenaten changed
the worship to himself
as he proclaimed himself
Amen-Ra, the sun god.
The word "amen" at the end of a
prayer spawned from the praise
given to Amen-Ra.
From there, the
Hebrews left Egypt
and traveled north
into the Middle East,
where they encountered the
Canaanites, who worshipped
the god of Saturn, El.
The merging of these
three gods became the name
of the Holy Land today, which is
known as Isis Ra El, or Israel.
98% percent of Judaism is based
around the worship of Saturn,
and the sacred day of
worship is Saturday.
The worship practiced
on Sunday is
originated from the Egyptians
who worship the sun god.
Most people simply pass these
things off and never question
their origins, but
this just scratches
the surface of the pagan
philosophy still present today.
It is not only
found in religions.
It is right here in
our very own backyard.
On January 22, 1783,
Congress ratified a contract
stating that "all bills
of credit emitted,
moneys borrowed,
and debts contracted
by or under the
authority of Congress
before the assembling
of the United States
shall be deemed and considered
a charge against the United
States, for payment
and satisfaction
whereof the United States
and the public face
are hereby solemnly pledged."
The party that the US owed
these loans to was King George.
I hope this helps paint
the picture for you
of how Great Britain funded
both sides of the revolution.
To this day, Great Britain
still collects taxes
from the United
States via the IRS.
The IRS isn't even an agency of
the United States government.
It is an agency
of the IMF, which
is under the jurisdiction
of the United Nations.
The FCC, CIA, FBI, and NASA were
never part of the United States
government.
The US government only
holds shares of stock
in the various agencies.
John Brown was a Mason
and a Rosicrucian
who was brought to power
by William Lloyd Garrison
and Senator Charles Sumner.
With the help of
the New York Times,
John Brown was built
up to be a hero
in the anti-slavery movement.
Ulysses S Grant,
former president,
was born Hiram S Grant
named after Hiram Abiff, who
is the most important historical
or mythological character
in Freemasonry.
The name was given to him by his
father, Master Mason Jesse Root
Grant.
Jesse Grant worked for
John Brown's father, then
went on to work for EA Collins,
one of the 13 Illuminati
bloodlines, according to
Fritz Springmeyer's research.
Ulysses S Grant was
brought to power rapidly
with the help of EA Collins.
From April 1861
to May 1864, Grant
went from the rank of
private to Commander
in Chief of the
entire Union Army.
Once Grant was
appointed president,
his cabinet consisted
of eight Freemasons,
including Alfonso Taft,
William Taft's father,
who was also the ancestor
of Bill Clinton, Jonas Mills
Bundy, also one of the
supposedly Illuminati
bloodlines, who was
presidential advisor to Grant
as well as the next
two presidents,
and the cabinet member Columbus
Delano, who was Franklin Delano
Roosevelt's grandfather.
November 21, 1933,
President Franklin Roosevelt
wrote "The real truth of the
matter is, as you and I know,
that a financial element
in the large centers
has owned the government
ever since the days of Andrew
Jackson."
Lincoln's half-brother
worked for Lewis Cass Payseur
in the Merovingian dynasty.
Payseur owned
Jekyll Island, which
was where the Federal
Reserve Bank was created.
In the mid-1800s,
Lincoln and the Whigs
were trying desperately
to keep Andrew Jackson
from establishing a
gold standard called
the independent treasury system.
Lincoln and his party fought to
set up a central bank, making
such public speeches as "Under
a gold and silver standard,
all will suffer more
or less, and very many
will lose everything that
renders life desirable."
Lincoln's statement resounds
elements of scare tactics,
as this entire
speech-- as well as
other speeches on the
matter-- gave no real evidence
or explanation for the
concerns of the gold standard.
In the early 1900s,
after a failed attempt
for Woodrow Wilson
to set up what
was called the League of
Nations following World War I,
Wilson and his
advisor Colonel House
set up the Institute of
International Affairs.
This Institute had two
branches, one set up in England,
called the Royal Institute
of International Affairs,
and the Council on
Foreign Relations
was incorporated as
the American branch.
Founding members included
Colonel House, JP Morgan,
John D. Rockefeller, and
other tycoons at the time.
A national income
tax was declared
unconstitutional in 1895
by the Supreme Court.
But a constitutional amendment
was proposed in Congress
by Senator Nelson Aldrich.
This makes much
more sense when you
notice that Nelson
Aldrich was also
known as being the authentic
voice of JP Morgan,
and later married into
the Rockefeller family.
27% to 35% percent of American
workers' pay is taxed,
and this money goes to
the central bank, called
the Federal Reserve
Board, or the Fed.
For those of you who are unaware
of what the Federal Reserve
Bank is and what
it is capable of,
it is a
non-government-owned bank
that provides the US
with all of its currency.
Yet one of the most amazing
aspects of the central bank
is the suspension
of specie payments,
in which the Fed can refuse
to pay their obligations.
Yet taxpayers must pay
their debts or go bankrupt.
In other words, the
suspension of specie payments
is the central bank's
right to breach a contract
with no penalty whatsoever.
In simpler terms,
it is called theft.
How is it possible that the Fed
is allowed to breach contracts
without penalty
from our government
when they supply
all of our currency?
The answer is simple.
The Federal Reserve Bank has
power over the government
instead of under it.
Those who have the most
influence over the Federal
Reserve Bank now can wield
that influence over the United
States government through
political lobbying
and economic decisions.
Dr. Carroll Quigley, Bill
Clinton's mentor while
at Georgetown University,
wrote about central banks
"They want nothing less
than to create a world
system of financial
control in private hands,
able to dominate the political
system of each country
and the economy of the
world as a whole, controlled
in a feudalist fashion by the
central banks of the world
acting in concert by
secret agreements,
arrived at in frequent private
meetings and conferences."
It is important to
know that nearly all
of the founders of the
Federal Reserve Bank
were involved with the
conception of the Council
on Foreign Relations.
Since 1934, we are now finding
that all Secretaries of War
or Defense since Henry L.
Stimson, almost every head
of CIA since Allen
Dulles, nearly
all presidential candidates--
Dwight D. Eisenhower, JFK,
Richard Nixon,
and Bill Clinton--
were all members of the CSR.
George Bush Sr. Was actually
CFR director from 1977 to 1979.
Understand that all of
these high-ranking positions
were lobbied into place
by the organization set up
by an international
banking cartel.
There are secret
meetings held by many
of the same members in
the Trilateral Commission,
the Bilderberg Group, the Club
of Rome, the United Nations,
and the two branches of the
Institute of International
Affairs.
These groups make up what
is known as the roundtable,
developed by Cecil Rhodes.
Other offshoots or
preliminary groups
are Bohemian Grove and
Yale University's Skull
and Bones, which we all
know George Bush, Jr.,
George Bush, Sr., and John
Kerry were all a part of.
Most every meeting
by these groups
are attended by the most
powerful government officials,
corporate leaders, media
moguls, and royal families
in the world.
These meetings are held in
secret, and not a word of them
reaches the mainstream media.
How is it that so many powerful
people can attend meetings
alongside the mainstream
media and not a mention of it
makes it to the public?
This all may start making much
more sense when you understand
that common citizens
aren't meant to know
what is happening at the top.
Is there any dispute that to
gain power in this day and age,
it take strategy and
intelligence rather
than brute force?
Logic will tell you that
in any sport or game,
to claim victory, you
must keep your moves
strategic and secret.
Why would it be any
different in global politics?
>>But, Adolf, that
would break our treaty.
You're a good guy.
You wouldn't go
back on your word.
>>Are you kidding?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>George W. Bush is
a direct descendant
of Godfrey de Bouillon.
The Bouillons were servants
of Pope Gregory VII,
and led the European
noblemen into the crusade
in order to recapture Jerusalem
from the Islamic faith.
He became the first
king of Jerusalem,
and duke of Lower
Lorraine, which
was known as a major
region for the bloodline
linked to the Illuminati.
Bush is closely related
to every European monarch.
He's a 13th cousin of Queen
Elizabeth and Prince Charles.
He also has kinship with every
member of the British Royal
Family, the House of Windsor.
The House of Windsor
is known for abandoning
their German names
after World War I,
due to criticism of the people.
A lesser-known fact about
the House of Windsor,
however, is the heavy
funding contribution
to bring Adolf Hitler to power
in the rise of World War II.
The swastika is actually
a symbol of the sun,
referencing to the Sun
Order of the occult.
Heinrich Himmler was
the commander of the SS,
and one of the most powerful
men in Nazi Germany.
Himmler was a seventh
ray occultist,
and was very influenced by the
book "Ostara," by George Lunes,
who was an Austrian mystic.
This occult book mapped out plan
for a cleansing of ethnicities
and bringing about one
race, and to revive
the ancient tradition of the
Knights Templar of the Middle
Ages.
The Knights Templar were
a group largely killed off
by the French monarchy.
The remaining Templar
created many, Masonic orders
and secret societies
throughout Europe,
from which the Illuminati is
believed to have originated.
It's important to note as
well that the Bush family's
ancestor Godfrey de Bouillon
was a holy Templar himself.
To this day, every single
United States president,
with no exception, has a
direct bloodline relationship
to British monarchs.
And on December 20, 1993,
George Herbert Walker Bush
was knighted by the
queen of England
as a Knight Grand
Cross of the Most
Honorable Order of the Bath for
his leadership in the Gulf War.
Does it strike you as odd that
our president, our leader,
kneeled before the
queen of England
in a ceremony that
symbolizes allegiance?
So what does this all mean?
It simply means that throughout
every major civilization,
political power has remained
in a select few bloodlines.
And it is desperately held
in the same manner today.
It is openly admitted
to the public
that major leaders worldwide are
part of secret fraternal orders
or secret meetings.
But what is not
disclosed to the public
is the purpose of
these meetings.
So let me spell
this out for you.
The major leaders
from around the world
are part of a united effort
to remain in power forever.
To do so, the people
are lured into the trap
of perpetual debt, making
it impossible to be
repaid by the people.
So in turn, all
property and assets
will be repossessed
by the debtor.
For those of you
who are unaware what
it means when a government
owns everything of yours,
it's called socialism.
All of this is part of an
ultimate goal of the mystery
religions.
The mystery religion
is the paganism
we've been talking
about all along.
But the pagan religions
known to the public today
are nowhere near as involved
as the mystery religion.
It is much less
confusing than you think.
Try to imagine this practice
as less of a religion
and more of an ambition.
The ambition is to
reach enlightenment.
There's no superhuman
intelligence or fantasy
involved in this.
The gifts of God
are very simple.
Omnipresence-- the power of
one being or consciousness
to be everywhere at once.
Omniscience-- the
power of knowing
everything that can be known.
And omnipotence-- to
have unlimited power.
We see all of this today.
It cannot be denied.
If you still don't believe that
the mystery religion is present
today, just look around you.
There are literally thousands
of statutes and emblems
of ancient religions on every
political establishment.
Even on military uniforms, these
symbols are found everywhere.
But not only in our country.
The same emblems are
found on every nation's
military uniform.
And why would this be?
Because a life taken at
a chosen time, place,
and a specific manner,
it becomes a sacrifice.
And to further illustrate
this point, on March 20, 2003,
President Bush launched
the bombing of Baghdad
at 5:50 Baghdad time.
This lasted until March 21.
It was called Shock and Awe
by the mainstream media.
But according to the
mystery religion,
this date is known
as the Eve of Ostara,
more commonly known as the
spring, or vernal, equinox.
Occultists worship the
goddess of the Earth, Gaia,
on this day.
The druids knew this date as
the spring fertility rite,
the day of feast.
The war was promptly
ended on May 1, 2003.
The state is known in
the Druidic calendar
Beltane, or Walpurgis Night.
It was named after
Saint Walpurga, who was
the pagan goddess of fertility.
From March 20 to May
1, the pagan ritual
is to give blood to the
earth and renew life
to the goddess of fertility.
What better time frame
to declare a bloody war
on the days where ritual
sacrifice, and end it exactly
when the pagan rituals end.
The parallels are uncanny.
These are all facts written
in many different sources
around the world, and
are available to anyone
to discover.
Connecting the
dots is up to you.
But make your own
decisions instead
of settling for
conclusions that others
have put in place for you.
>>The right answers
are what you described
are the right answers.
Maybe everything I'm
telling you is wrong.
And I could tell
you what I think
happens to be more
or less right,
but there isn't
any reason why you
should pay any attention to me.
>>Now you know why they're
out to destroy you.
Today, there is so much
confusion about what
Christianity is, because
everything I thought was
Christianity I found out wasn't.
If this continues, there will
be an overthrow of all things.
Yea, this change and overthrow
is deliberately planned.
There is nothing going on today
in the United States of America
by accident.
Nothing.
There is nothing going
on in the Catholic Church
today that's
happening by accident.
>>They were acting
on an ancient hope
that is meant to be fulfilled.
If you understand the
esoteric writing, what you do
is you try to confuse
so the common people
like you will not
understand what is said.
So you take an
idea, and you put it
at the beginning and
the end of the sentence,
and you intersperse all sorts of
things in the middle to confuse
common people like you.
And it all goes back
to these ancient times
and tapping into the
mystery religions.
The occult is in total working
control of America today.
And that is why we're at
war in the Middle East.
What is it all about?
It is part of the
continuing world revolution.
It is part of the move
to bring about World War
III, and, ultimately,
then, the one world order
and the new world religion.
>>This information is backed
up by scholars, teachers,
philosophers, doctors,
and professionals
in every respected field
all around the world.
The reasons why the majority
of people don't know about this
is because over
80% of population
gets their world news strictly
from the mainstream media.
And if you trace every
major media station's chain
of command to the top, you
will find the same people
who own the
corporations that lobby
every high-ranking political
official in the place.
>>(SINGING) Is the
media obsolete?
A media obsolete?
Oh, media's controlled
by a few corporations.
Thanks, deregulation by the FCC.
>>You mean Disney, Fox
Westinghouse, and good old GE?
>>(SINGING) They own
networks from CBS to CNBC.
>>They can use them to
say whatever they please,
and put down the opinions
of anyone who disagrees.
>>Or stuff about PCBs.
>>What are PCBs?
>>(SINGING) They come
from electric power plants
built by Westinghouse and GE.
>>They can give you lots of
cancer that can hurt your body.
>>(SINGING) But the
bigshots don't care.
They're all sitting pretty
thanks to corporate welfare.
>>What's that, now?
>>(SINGING) They get billions in
subsidies from the government.
It's supposed to create jobs,
but that's not how it's spent.
They use tax and soft money
to support congressmen
who will vote for weapons
programs again and again,
and let them dump toxic waste
where the young ones play.
>>And GE made the
bullets that shot JFK.
>>(SINGING) You contribute
to the chain every time
you buy a product
sponsored on this show.
>>That's what NBC
doesn't want you to know.
So the next time [BEEP]
>>Please stand by.
Please stand by.
It means there's
technical difficulties.
>>And for those of you who
are unaware of this one world
government and one
world religion,
I challenge you to
do an internet search
on the new world order.
You will be overwhelmed by the
amount of people trying to get
the word out to the masses.
This exemplifies the findings
that 87% of the population
formulates their belief
structure according
to other people's ideas.
Only 13% formulate their
beliefs on logic and evaluation.
And sadly, the two
greatest factors
that lead to the ignorance
of the public are as follows.
>>Do you support the
mission from here?
>>I support the mission.
>>How brave you are.
>>Be real careful as you march
towards that Capitol building.
Be real careful who you think
is in there waiting to help you.
Be real careful.
[CHEERING]
>>Groupthink.
>>We are well on our way
to one world government
unless we the people say no.
That will not be tolerated.
>>It is a term to
describe a group
unwilling to look beyond the
overall consensus of the herd.
Many times, it is out of a
lack of drive or ambition
to ask original questions to
arrive at genuine answers.
But more importantly
and dangerously,
it is also an occurrence that
spawns from the fear of looking
foolish in front of peers.
>> Go to another country.
We don't want you here.
>>Both religion and politics
are forms of groupthink.
Words such as
patriotism and faith
are both fancy words
that ultimately
mean blind submission.
Supposedly, it is considered
heresy or unpatriotic
to question the
words of your leader.
So the fear of upsetting
the superior higher power
has forced the herd to
practice groupthink,
regardless of what it leads to.
And one of the greatest
examples of groupthink
is the stigma given to
conspiracy theories.
The phrase conspiracy theory
gives a distinct impression
to the average person.
The JFK assassination, Area 51,
Roswell, government cover-ups,
strange disappearances,
these subjects
probably sound a bit too
fantasy for the average person.
And it's quite understandable.
They're supposed
to sound made-up.
Throughout the mistranslation
of time and embellishment
of these stories, facts
are added or omitted.
Some may be true, and
some may be false.
But one thing is for sure.
If a global secret
needed to remain hidden,
yet began emerging
among the public,
the best cover-up is to
embellish or alter the story
until it sounds ludicrous.
So what happens when the
secret involves the government,
and the government has intimate
ties to the mainstream media,
and the mainstream
media, as said before,
has been proven to sway at least
80% of the public's opinion?
The logic is undeniable.
Media in every form
is put in place
to make people feel stupid
for even keeping an open mind
towards conspiracy theories.
Movies, books, fairy
tales, and folklore
are all tools to make
the average person feel
insane for supporting or
believing the conspiracy.
And why shouldn't they?
Our leaders have no
problems telling us
not to investigate or
believe in these theories.
>>Let us never tolerate
outrageous conspiracy theories
concerning the attacks
of September the 11.
Malicious lies that attempt
to shift the blame away
from the terrorists themselves.
>>The most basic
of pagan practices
is the control of
human population
to have a perfect balance
between man and nature.
The goal is to bring the
population down to 500 million,
which is over 90%
reduction in humanity.
Now that we've
abandoned everything
that we've been trained to
think prior to this moment,
we can start looking at
the world for what it is,
instead of what
people tell us it is.
Open your eyes today
as if you've never
seen the world before.
And we'll begin to notice
that the goal of population
reduction is
everywhere around us.
>>Let me assure you that
absolutely nothing that I'm
going to tell you is
exaggerated, is interpolated,
or is imagined.
Everything I'm going to
tell you is documented.
He who controls food
controls the world.
Well, they said, in
1962, we are going
to work toward total global
implementation of Codex
Alimentarius on
December 31, 2009.
They were guidelines.
Now, Codex
Alimentarius Commission
is administered by the World
Health Organization-- WHO--
and the FAO-- the Food and
Agriculture Organization.
They fund Codex and they run
it at the request of the UN.
So they're mommy and daddy
to Codex Alimentarius.
In 1994, Codex, with no
notice here in this country
whatsoever, declared nutrients--
put on your intellectual seat
belts-- declared
nutrients to be toxins.
They're poisonous.
Under Codex, every
dairy cow on the planet
must be treated with Monsanto's
recombinant bovine growth
hormone.
Furthermore, under
Codex, every animal
used for food on the
planet must be treated
with subclinical antibiotics.
And must be treated with
exogenous growth hormones.
If you do the numbers, in
the WHO FAO projections,
epidemiological
projections, they
estimate-- not I-- that
just the vitamin and mineral
guideline alone, when it goes
into global implementation,
will result in a minimum
of three billion--
that's b, bad, big,
billion-- deaths.
One billion through
simple starvation.
Those folks who die are not
particularly economically
successful, from the point
of view of the corporations.
But the next two
billion, they will
die from the preventable
diseases of undernutrition.
Who will live?
Probably those people
who are wealthy enough
and powerful enough to have
their own pushers of clean food
and nutrients.
So we need your help.
Because the United
States leadership
is what's going
to literally save
the population of the planet.
>>The UN has put out
dozens of public documents
where they're calling for an
80% world population reduction.
In fact, at the Beijing
Women's Conference,
the world conference
back in 1997,
the head of UN
food program said,
we will use food as a
weapon against the people.
>>66% of the United States
residents' public water
is fluoridated.
It is known to have tremendous
effects on bone cancer,
joint problems, bone weakness,
lower estrogen and testosterone
levels, and dental fluorosis,
which is yellowing of the teeth
and pitting in the enamel.
Wouldn't it make more sense
to enhance public water
with vitamins, which are meant
to be ingested to promote
overall health, rather than
putting such a toxic chemical
in our water with
a bogus explanation
that it will improve
our dental health?
We now know that fluoride
causes more dental problems
than it solves.
Something doesn't
seem right about this.
Do you honestly believe
that these companies
care deeply enough
for the people
to spend large amounts
of their own money
to fluoridate public water
when the people already
purchase their own toothpaste?
But there's a difference between
toothpaste and drinking water.
We don't ingest toothpaste.
If you go to any hardware store
and look at any rat poison
product, you will only find one
ingredient-- sodium fluoride.
It is the most toxic
ionic molecule outside
of potassium dichromate.
Now, Dannon, along
with other companies,
have begun fluoridating
bottled water.
It is becoming increasingly
difficult to get away from.
And the fact that fluoride is
also used in many prescription
antidepressants shows that
it eliminates aggression
and motivation in people.
>>Fluoride, to my
knowledge as a physician,
has absolutely no biological
benefit whatsoever.
>>But one of the
significant things
is the Russians carried out
all sorts of experiments
on the people
living in the gulag.
And one of them, of course,
was to fluoridate the water.
Why?
You fluoridate the water, why,
people are not as aggressive
as they ordinarily would be.
In fact, what is the
active ingredient
in Prozac that is so widely
distributed in America today?
Well, it's a fluoride compound.
>>And now we are finding
that public water nationwide
is showing up with
arsenic, lead, cadmium,
and thermonium, which is a
radioactive form of lead.
Cancer, lowered sex drive,
birth defects, sedation,
and brain defects.
Does this not sound
like a wonder drug
for anyone aiming to
control a population?
>>It's quite astonishing,
Paul, the degree
to which
environmentalists have not
been educated about fluoride.
People have an unconscious
trust in their doctor
or their dentist.
And if you can persuade doctors
and dentists that fluoride
is safe and good, then
you're able to reach
the rest of the nation.
People believe their
doctors and dentists.
And that was a way of
promoting fluoride for Bernays.
Fluoride was killing their
cattle, destroying their crops.
Fluoride given to
rats had produced
bone cancer and liver cancer.
And that those results
had been doctored
to make it look
as though fluoride
hadn't caused as much cancer.
>>The pattern that
we saw, typically,
is what we see with other
neurotoxic agents that are well
known to cause a hypoactivity,
or a memory problem,
or an IQ problem.
When I first presented the
results of these studies,
one of the individuals sitting
and listening to the results,
he says, do you have any
idea what you're saying.
And he says you're
telling us that we're
reducing the IQ of children.
And, basically, I said yes.
Aspartame.
The artificial sweetener
found in almost
every low-sugar or sugar-free
product on the market.
>>First of all,
aspartame is made up
of three things--
methanol, which,
of course, is what produces
blindness, aspartic acid,
and phenylanaline.
These are all poisons.
Aspartic acid, of course,
produces brain lesions.
This was known back
in the early 1970s.
Methanol produces blindness.
Phenylanaline is what you
see certainly in the brain,
and in high dosages
produces trauma.
>>We're not making this all up.
The FDA did publish back
in, I think it was the '80s,
they did publish the
92 potential side
effects of aspartame.
And these side effects are
quite extremely serious.
Things like dizziness,
problems with balance,
abdominal pain and
cramps, changes
of vision, seizures
and convulsions,
et cetera, et cetera.
>>So the nervous system seems
to be one of the areas that's
most affected.
So we're seeing people
have difficulty thinking.
They feel like they're walking
around in a cloud or a fog.
>>Yet despite all of
these harmful effects,
Donald Rumsfeld pushed it out
into the stores in over 5,000
products when he was CEO
of Searle, a company that
manufactured aspartame.
>>The sustainable goal
is the elimination
of the middle class.
The world cannot support
6 billion people.
But you see, the plan behind
sustainable development
includes population control.
It's a program for land use
control, education control,
and population control.
The leaders of the
sustainable movement
say that the world's human
population should not
exceed 500 million people.
That's a 93% reduction of
today's population levels.
In 1992, while the Rio
conference was going on,
George Bush, then
president was there.
He was just off-shore on
Prince Charles's yacht,
where he executed the
Agenda 21 protocols
on behalf of the United
States, and brought it back
to Washington, DC.
Within a year, Bill
Clinton, by executive order,
established the
President's Council
for Sustainable Development.
>>In 1996, Bill Clinton set
up the President's Council
on Sustainable Development.
One of the dictates
of Agenda 21 is
that every country
in the world is
to set up a national council
to oversee the implementation
of Agenda 21.
I've listened to
Gorbachev explain,
"We are writing a new set
of 10 or 15 commandments
to replace the original 10."
Which one of the 10 do you
think these guys don't like?
Thou shalt not lie?
Thou shalt not steal?
Thou shalt not covet?
Because I'll tell you what--
these people have lied to us.
They're in the process of
stealing all of this nation's
natural resources.
And they covet
everything you have left.
>>To explain the
map, the red are
areas that are to be
off-limits to human beings.
If you live there, you won't.
Yellow areas are the
areas for major control
of all human activity.
If you lived there, you won't.
The black dots are the
smart growth cells.
That's where human beings
are to be stacked and packed
in small living units
along rail tracks.
The smart growth
program ultimately
has jobs assigned and children
cared for by the state.
>>And in conjunction
with Codex Alimentarius,
food will be limited,
and water consumption
will be decreased to 10
gallons per day per person.
That is over a 90% reduction
in people's average daily water
consumption.
And along with shortages
of food and water,
the food we will
be provided with
will be genetically manipulated
and nutrient-deficient.
Genetic manipulation of
food causes complications
in metabolizing and
utilizing food for energy.
>>In June of 2003,
scientists reported
that the gene sequence of
the inserted genes into crops
had actually
changed their order.
It had re-scrambled.
So the genetic inserts
are not stable.
Another laboratory
confirmed this,
and found that it changed
in the same varieties
in different ways
that they had tested.
So not only is it
unstable and changing,
it's not even uniform in
the way that it's changing.
This is incredibly dangerous.
>>Nutrient deficiencies due
to Codex's planned vitamin
and mineral ban
will cause billions
of preventable diseases.
Both of these will ultimately
lead to billions of deaths.
>>The question is,
then, how do they do it?
How in the world are
they getting this agenda
from the international level
down to the local level?
Well, they've got a
plan for that, too.
Now, on the environmental
side, there's
probably a number
of different plans.
But from the
environmental side, you
have an organization called the
IUCN-- the International Union
for the Conservation of Nature.
Been in existence since the
United Nations was created.
It's not part of
United Nations charter.
It's a scientific adviser
to the United Nations.
But through the
IUCN, such programs
as Ecosystem Management,
American Heritage Rivers,
the Clean Water Initiative,
the Endangered Species
Act, and all the rules and
regulations of the EPA-- US
Fish and Wildlife Service, US
Forest Service, the US Park
Service, and so forth.
They also discuss
property rights
in this particular document.
They say that property
rights are not absolute.
They are not unchanging.
They're not inalienable,
like our Constitution,
and the Declaration
of Independence.
So they state, rather,
they are complex, dynamic,
and shifting relationship
between two or more parties
over space or time.
In a biocentric approach, says
the IUCN, the rights of nature
are defended first and
foremost, on the grounds
of the intrinsic value of
animals, plants, rivers,
mountains, and
ecosystems, rather than
simply on the basis of
the utilitarian value
or benefit to human beings.
In other words,
nature comes first.
Nature's needs comes
before man's needs.
In a religious context, this is
called pantheism-- the belief
that nature is God.
It goes on to say, even
worse, people are, then,
members of a
community of beings,
like human beings,
living and non-living.
So a rock is now elevated up
to the status of a human being.
And they're both equal in the
eyes of this belief system.
It's not hard to imagine that
if you believe that humans
are the cause of all the
worst problems, that we're
overpopulated.
They give two solutions-- and
only two-- to this problem.
The first is that it's estimated
that an agricultural world
in which most human
beings are peasants
should be able to support
5 to 7 billion people.
Well, folks, we have 6
billion people right now.
In fact, all of us in
this room, or nearly
all of us in this
room, are going
to have to become
agrarian peasants if we
use this solution.
In contrast, they go on to
say a reasonable estimate
for an industrialized world
society at the present North
American material
standard of living
would be 1 billion people.
So if we wanted to maintain
our current standard of living,
we would have to reduce the
Earth's human population
by somewhere around 70%.
In 1970, just three years
after the publication
of the Iron Mountain
Report, which
calls for, if we're going to
create a world government,
we can no longer use
war as a mechanism
to cause fear
amongst populations,
and, therefore, allow us
to control the behavior
of populations through fear.
And they settled on, in
1967, in their publication
called the Iron Mountain Report,
the environmental Holocaust.
In 1970, three years
after that publication,
"Foreign Relations"
began to publish
a series of articles describing
the ecological Holocaust that
was facing the world.
And in this particular
issue, the first issue
done by George Kennan, to
prevent a world disaster where
it was summed up in three
points that the eco crisis
is a global threat so great,
that it endangers all of life
on Earth.
>>If you look at the 10
hottest years ever measured,
they've all occurred
in the last 14 years.
And the hottest of all was 2005.
We are causing global warming.
This is really not a political
issue so much as a moral issue.
Temperature increases are
taking place all over the world.
And that's causing
stronger storms.
Is it possible that we should
prepare against other threats
besides terrorists?
The Arctic is
experiencing faster melt.
If this were to go, sea level
worldwide would go up 20 feet.
This is what would
happen in Florida.
Around Shanghai, home
to 40 million people.
Around Calcutta,
60 million people.
Here's Manhattan.
The World Trade Center
memorial would be underwater.
Think of the impact of a couple
hundred thousand refugees.
And then imagine
a hundred million.
Those who deny global warming
are just flat-out wrong.
>>Ellen Goodman of
the "Boston Globe"
wrote "Let's just say that
global warming deniers are now
on par with Holocaust deniers."
Scientists' silenced
for questioning
the threat of global warming.
>>I know that I've had friends
who have essentially been told,
if you speak out
on climate change,
you must do so as an
independent citizen.
If you do so through
our organization
or through our institution,
you will essentially be fired.
>>Once you realize
how many holes there
are in the consensus
solution, you
may begin to open up your
mind to the other side
of the global warming
debate as a whole.
>>The only consensus
I'm aware of
is that it's warmed
in the last century.
>>They completely
ignore the fact
that there's this thing called
the Oregon Petition that
was signed by
19,000 professionals
and scientists who don't
agree with the idea
that we are causing
climate change.
>>I can't tell
you how many calls
I've received from
parents saying their kids
are now being shown
"An Inconvenient Truth"
completely unchallenged,
not just in science class,
but in art and math classes.
>>I have to speak out
and say the science
we have is still incomplete.
And the science we're
being told by the IPCC
is really an incorrect science.
>>Global warming, paradoxically,
causes not only more flooding,
but also more drought.
Big hurricanes, tornadoes,
fearsome diseases,
polio, tuberculosis, West
Nile virus, avian flu,
SARS, polar bears that
have actually drowned,
mosquitoes,
caterpillars, communism.
It's slavery.
Global warming.
>>Aurelio Peccei, who actually
created the Club of Rome,
and is the inner inner
circle of global elitists,
in 1991 stated that while
searching for a new enemy
to unite us, we came
up with the idea
that pollution, the threat of
global warming and the like,
would fit the bill.
All of these behaviors are
caused by human intervention.
The real enemy, then,
is humanity itself.
>>Put this to you
bluntly-- global warming
is a complete fallacy.
Al Gore received the Grammy
and the Nobel Peace Prize
for a film that is filled
with holes and mistruths.
>>Ice cores taken 2000
meters below the surface
have enabled us to look
at the last 160,000 years.
>>We believe that in Greenland,
the medieval warm period was
about 1 1/2 degrees warmer,
on average, than today.
>>And they also
show consistently
warmer temperatures
thousands of years
ago, before man-made
greenhouse gases existed.
>>Approach our time, we can
see that in the period between
4,000 years ago and back to
the period 2,000 years ago,
which is actually the Roman
Age, the temperatures have been
decreasing in Greenland
by 2 1/2 degrees.
>>Al Gore is made out to be a
revolutionary figure attempting
to save the planet,
which is quite true.
He just doesn't mention the
fact that saving the Earth
doesn't involve you.
According to his
agenda, it will result
in massive land
repossession and extreme
limitations on food and
water and fossil fuels
for the public.
And please note that Al Gore
is a sustainable developer.
The global warming lie
is very popular today
because it receives
major media coverage,
and has an attractively- titled
goal of saving the planet.
But how does this tie
in with Agenda 21?
The result of the 1992 Earth
Summit Conference in Rio de
Janeiro was the Kyoto Treaty.
The Kyoto Treaty states that
every country must drastically
reduce the use of fossil
fuels by mandate of the United
Nations.
And as of June 2007, 172 nations
and other government entities
have ratified the treaty.
And if you're
wondering how this ties
into putting the Earth's
priority above human survival
in accordance with
pagan beliefs,
every country's deadline
for the implementation
of Agenda 21 and the
Kyoto Treaty is in 2012.
And if this wasn't enough,
when the Pentagon was damaged
in 9/11, they set a goal to have
a completely new and improved
Pentagon in December of 2012.
So Codex Alimentarius
goes into effect
at the end of 2009, which gives
it three years for the Codex
regulations on food
to create billions
of preventable
diseases and deaths.
When citizens of
every nation are
dying of starvation
and diseases,
and fear for their lives
because of global warming
and major
catastrophes, they will
do what the public
has been proven
to do in times of great peril.
They will beg for
their government
to step in and do something.
>>How are they going to get
you to join the new economy?
They're going to say,
we have a solution.
You see, one of the
tricks of the Illuminati
is they create a
problem, and then they
provide a solution
when you beg them to.
>>And, pray tell, what will
the United Nations suggest
when there's a global problem?
They will demand a
global government--
a new world order--
exactly as the Maya, Hopi,
Kalu Yuga, and many other pagan
civilizations prophesized.
By 2012, the Kyoto Treaty,
Agenda, 21, Codex Alimentarius,
and the new Pentagon will be
fully operational to enforce
a new world order.
And the new world
religion is obvious.
We will all worship
the Earth, Gaia,
the mother goddess we saved from
extinction from global warming.
We will be told that
to keep from repeating
the mistakes that
we made in the past,
we must hold the Earth in
higher regard than humans,
just as pagan
traditions require.
This is too obvious to ignore.
It is right in
front of our faces,
and yet we still
refuse to see it.
I guarantee you that by 2012,
there will be a World War III.
But it will not be
between nations.
It will be us and them.
They know this.
Why do you think the
UN is consistently
trying to disarm the
public and the nations?
They don't want us to be
capable of fighting back.
The proof of this is
in the film released
by the UN called
"Armed to the Teeth,"
where it demonizes
gun ownership.
It is also shown in the Freedom
from War Policy put in place
by JFK in 1961.
>>President John Kennedy
went to the United Nations
September 1961.
And he presented the United
States' program for general
and complete disarmament and a
peaceful world during a speech.
And he said this is the official
program of the United States
of America.
It's a disarmament program.
It calls for the United States
to turn over its military
to the United Nations.
Let that sit for a second.
It calls for the United States
to turn over its military
to the United Nations.
The program ends by saying
progressive controlled
disarmament would
proceed to a point
where no state would
have the military power
to challenge the progressively
strengthened UN peace force.
The UN would have
all military power.
>>This policy outlines some
pretty scary scenarios when
you understand what it reads.
It calls for the disbanding
of all national armed forces
and prohibition of their
re-establishment in any form
whatsoever other
than those required
to preserve internal order and
for contributions to a United
Nations peace force.
This clearly shows
that the UN is
calling for all military power
to be under their control.
Inspection and verification
must establish both
that nations carry out scheduled
limitation or reductions,
and then they do not retain
armed forces and armaments
in excess of those permitted
at any stage of the disarmament
process.
Strategic delivery
vehicles will be reduced.
Arms and armed forces
will be reduced.
And all the while, UN
peacekeeping powers
would be strengthened.
A UN peace observation
group would
be available to investigate
any situation which
might constitute a threat
to or a breach of the peace.
Establishing of a permanent
international peace
force within the United
Nations and depending
on the findings of an
experts commission,
a halt in the
production of chemical,
bacteriological, and
radiological weapons,
and reduction of the existing
stocks or their conversion
to peaceful uses.
Peaceful uses of
biological, chemical,
and radiological weapons?
Do you see how they are
perverting the word "peace"
and making this policy
sound unilaterally good?
There is no other way to
read this publication.
It clearly states that
all nations will hand over
their military forces to a
global United Nations military.
The US population is
currently around 300 million.
The national debt is
currently around $10 trillion.
So the current
debt, when divvied
among the American people, comes
out to approximately $33,000,
and has been growing at a
national rate of $1.46 billion
a day since 2006.
Now, with electronic banking,
wire transfers, and credit
cards people have less physical
custody of their money.
As of right now, the amount
of money in circulation
is not able to cover
the national debt.
This was carefully planned since
the inception of the Federal
Reserve Bank.
And the next plan step by
the elite is already in play.
George Bush signed a bill
implementing the North American
Union.
>>President Bush signed
a formal agreement
that will end the United
States as we know it.
And he took the step
without approval
from either the US Congress
or the people of the United
States.
>>I think one thing people
who are dollar-based need
to focus on is the amero.
That's the one thing that
nobody's talking about.
But I think it's going to have
a big impact on everybody's life
in Canada, the US.
And Mexico.
The amero is the proposed new
currency for the North American
community, which is
being developed right
now between Canada,
the US, and Mexico
to make a borderless
community much like the EU,
and the dollar, Canadian
dollar, US dollar, Mexican peso
replaced by the amero.
>>You see, the domination
of government by business
is called fascism.
And I'm wondering
how many people
know what NAFTA is, the North
American Free Trade Agreement.
Because under Chapter 11
of the NAFTA agreement,
NAFTA tribunals trump all
US law if it conflicts
with either A, World
Bank's International
Center for Settlement
of Investment Disputes,
or B, UN Commission for
International Trade Law.
Now that sounds scary
enough, but when
you understand what
that reads, it also
gives the power to violate
the First and Second
Amendment, which is saying
bye-bye to the Constitution.
>>This will weaken
national sovereignty
and bankrupt the
dollar we use now.
After this happens, the
Fed will call in all debts.
When the debts cannot
be repaid by the people,
assets will be seized.
And by this, I mean
absolutely everything you own,
including your property,
your home, your vehicle,
your furniture, and the
clothes on your back.
This plan is
already in progress.
And when it takes place,
you will literally
be owned by the
Federal Reserve Bank.
This is how Agenda 21
will be implemented.
The seized land will be
given back to nature.
And the people will be placed
in smart growth megacities.
So what are we to do?
There's an overabundance
of information out there
for anyone to see pertaining
to why the situation seems
so hopeless and
out of our control.
But in all honesty, there's
even more information
out there about how
to protect ourselves.
The only problem we face
is that most people don't
know how to apply this
information to their own lives,
and rarely anybody takes the
time to spell it out for us.
There are many great teachers
out there-- teachers who
have dedicated their lives
to protecting the people who
need protecting the most.
The teacher has the most
difficult role in our society,
because nobody likes
attaining true knowledge.
True knowledge encompasses
all aspects of existence,
good and bad.
Most others do not.
Hearing true knowledge
upsets people
because it implies that
we were wrong at one
point in our lives.
And another character
flaw is our desire
to apply absolute truths
to unstable foundations
in our life.
When we do so, we
build a structure
that we hope will define
us best when we're reaching
the end of our life on Earth.
So everything we think
we are, everything
we tell others we
are, everything
we based our life-changing
decisions off of,
is all depending on
a foundation that
could crumble at any moment.
And because we've been told
our entire lives that there
are certain guidelines
and mores we must follow
to be a decent
human being, we deny
everything that
may pose a threat
to our unstable foundation.
This is why we
despise true teachers.
We lump these teachers into the
same category as terrorists.
And the method for spotting
these teachers and terrorists
are just as flimsy and
ridiculous as the methods
used to spot witches.
>>When we find the
witch, may we burn her?
>>Burn her!
Burn her!
>>How do you know
she is a witch?
>>She looks like one.
>>Bring her forward.
>>I'm not a witch.
I'm not a witch.
>>But you are dressed as one.
>>They dressed me up like this.
And this isn't my nose.
It's a false one.
>>Well?
>>Well, we did do the nose.
>>The nose?
>>And the hat.
But she is a witch.
>>Did you dress
her up like this?
>>No!
Yes.
A bit.
She has got a wart.
>>What made you
think she's a witch?
>>Well, she turned
me into a newt.
>>A newt?
>>I got better.
>>Burn her anyway!
>>William Cooper.
A loving father and husband.
Friend of many.
Simply a teacher trying
to better humanity
and protect fellow
citizens across the globe.
>>They became a
mystery to the others.
And the priesthood was born.
No king ever existed without the
permission of the priesthood.
The kings never had the
power, and don't to this day.
Kings exist at the whim
of the real power, which
is the priesthood standing
behind the throne.
It is a method of
encoding information
through a system of
mathematics and numbers.
It is some of the
most ancient knowledge
that man has ever possessed,
and has been kept secret
and given only to those
who have proven themselves
worthy through the
process of initiation.
There's a method
to their madness.
There's really not
much method to yours,
because you're operating
from a place of ignorance.
And until you
change that, you're
going to be bumbling around,
bumping into each other,
saying and doing
the wrong things,
not understanding the
nature of your enemy.
And if you don't understand
the nature of your enemy
and the weapons they use,
you cannot fight that enemy.
You can't fight the battle.
You shouldn't even be
on the battlefield.
Supposedly, a CNN reporter
found Osama bin Laden,
took a television
camera crew with him,
went in to Osama
bin Laden's hideout,
interviewed him and
his top leadership.
And he came out and told
everybody within three weeks,
Osama bin Laden is
going to do attack
the United States and Israel.
Now, don't you think that's
kind of strange, folks?
You see, because the largest
intelligence apparatus
in the world, with
the biggest budget
in the history of the world.
Has been looking for Osama
bin Laden for years and years
and years, and can't find him.
Some doofus jerk-off
reporter with a camera crew
waltzes right into his
hideout and interviews him.
And I'm telling you, be
prepared for a major attack.
But it won't be Osama bin Laden.
It will be those behind
the new world order.
I wonder what Osama bin Laden's
targets are supposed to be?
And if this doesn't materialize
next two or three weeks,
it will eventually materialize,
because they haven't succeeded
in getting the guns out of the
hands of the American people.
Nor have they succeeded in
taking our freedoms away.
And so I can tell
you with a certainty,
they must do something terrible
in order to stop this backlash
and regain the sympathy of
the mass herds of sheeple
out there.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
What is our common bond, truly?
>>Freedom.
Freedom.
Without freedom, you can't be
a Christian, no matter what
denomination you belong to.
You can't be a Buddhist.
You can't own a doughnut shop.
You can't drive
from here to Oregon.
You can't be an
American, because that's
what it's all about.
And that's the only thing
that it's all about.
Nothing else.
You don't really
understand sometimes
what a terrible burden it is
to know some of the things
that I know, and
try to wake people
up and impart this
knowledge to them.
And find out that they just have
walls built in front of them.
They want to be slaves.
That's why my broadcast scares
the hell out of socialists.
You see, what happens when
you broadcast the truth is
you piss everybody off.
[LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>I maintain that the only true
salvation from any oppression
or enslavement is
self-empowerment,
knowledge, consciousness.
This is true rebellion.
Don't get caught up
in the 87% of people
who follow the leader.
People who think they're rebels
because they denounce authority
simply because it's
the latest fashion.
Don't march the streets claiming
that you are the Enlightened
One because you've
read a book or saw
a film that gave you a glimpse
into an uncommon knowledge.
Don't scream phrases
into a megaphone
that you borrowed from
another person's research.
And don't proclaim yourself
an original thinker
because you belong
to a group that
represents an unpopular belief.
Those are all examples
of the other side
of the coin of groupthink,
leading a false rebellion.
False rebellion is dangerous
because it gives the illusion
that you are free and
thinking for yourself.
A true rebellion,
a true revolution,
begins when you quit
following and start leading.
And those who end
up following you
should be taught by you
to quit following you
and start leading.
And the only way to
lead to successfully
is by fully understanding
your rights as a human being
on this planet.
We have very powerful
tools on our side
called the Bill of Rights
and the Constitution.
These documents state that
no government can deprive us
of our natural rights.
So how is that happening?
You must understand that
the elite group controlling
our government, our educational
system, agriculture, and media
are also in control of
our free enterprise.
Free enterprise is
our economic system,
or our means of production,
privately owned and operated
for personal benefit.
Free enterprise cannot legally
be taxed unless it volunteers
itself.
The reason why income
tax seems inescapable
is because most every
job on the planet
requires you to sign
a number of documents
with fancy wording
stating that you
are agreeing to be a
representative of a corporation
or entity.
What all this means
is simply that when
you sign working papers,
which are required
by pretty much every
employer that you applied to,
you are waiving your right
as a natural person protected
under the Constitution,
and agreeing
to represent an artificial
person that is not protected
under the Constitution.
It's difficult to avoid,
because if you do not
sign the document waiving your
rights, you won't get the job.
So why does every
employer voluntarily
pay taxes which leads to the
requirement of those documents?
Because without doing
so, the business
loses all state and
federal benefits
provided to private or
commercial business.
And furthermore,
those people simply
accept the mistruth that
income tax is required by law
without investigating it.
When your name is
presented on the document
with the first
letter of your first
and last name
capitalized, it represents
capitalistic diminish
at minimum which
occurs when a man's
family relations alone
would change it's a
minimal loss of rights when
your last name appears in
capital letters it represents
capitus diminutio media,
which occurs when a man loses
his rights of citizenship,
but not his rights to liberty.
This means you could be fined
and penalized, but not enslaved
or imprisoned.
But when your entire name is
capitalized on any document,
it represents capitus
diminutio maxima,
which states that a
man's condition changes
from freedom to bondage.
All rights of citizenship and
family rights are surrendered.
This means you can be fined,
imprisoned, and enslaved
in any amount for any duration
at the whim of the state's
suggestion.
But it is important to note
that if you do not legally
bind yourself to these
documents stating that you
waive your rights and
represent a corporation,
you do not have to
attend any court.
>>There are two kinds of law
on the Earth, as I've said.
One is called civil law,
which is the law of the land,
and what is called
maritime admiralty, which
is called the law of water.
The maritime admiralty
is banking law.
So consequently, the
corporation and government
and people who want
to control you,
they create a second
you, and that second you
that they control,
that they created,
is all capital letters.
Check it out.
Any time you get a bill, you
get a lawsuit, you get a fine,
a ticket, somebody
sends you a bill
from the Department of Water
and Power, check it out.
On your driver's license.
On your social security card.
On your insurance cards.
Your name will always be
in all capital letters,
because only all capital
letters can be dealt
with by banks and government.
You need to wake up and find
out how this stuff really works.
Because once you
understand that you
don't need to submit
yourself as an American
to a British commercial
venture call courts.
You're an American.
You don't need to go to court.
You only go to court because
you agreed to go to court.
When they send you a subpoena
to court or summons to court,
and they've sent you
something, you look at it
and say, hey, Jack,
that's not me.
That's in all capital letters.
All capital letters
is a corporation.
>>Those who are charged under
these maritime admiralty courts
usually don't understand
that they're voluntarily
being fined and imprisoned.
When a judge calls your name
and asks if you are that name,
those who say yes
are verbally agreeing
to represent the
artificial person
that the name represents.
In doing so, you are
voluntarily waiving your rights
under the Constitution.
Your absolute rights
as natural persons
are the right to life,
security, and property.
And all of these
are very important.
Remember that you
can never be deprived
of these simple rights, unless
you are willingly waiving them.
But you need to understand
your rights if you want
to be protected under them.
When sustainable
development is knocking down
your door for the
right to your property,
you need to understand
your inherent right
to your property, which extends
from the visible surface
to the center of the Earth.
But please note that these
steps are simply the beginning.
They merely treat the symptoms
instead of attacking the root.
To understand fully how
to protect yourself,
you need to understand
your origin.
The true history
of this planet has
been stifled from the top
down since the inception
of monotheism and
the ridicule as well
as the outlaw on specific
cultures of all pagan religions
and practices.
A lie has been forced
upon all civilizations.
You have to wonder why powerful
empires were threatened enough
by paganism to make the
practice of such religions
punishable by death.
This threat didn't end
during the Roman Empire.
Take a look at how the
founders of America,
by mandate of Great
Britain, wiped out
Native American tribes
indiscriminately.
Great Britain has
been known to show
some of the most brutal
forms of genocide
in Africa, India,
New Zealand, New
Guinea, and many other locations
which pagan tribes still
existed.
East Timor suffered one of
the worst genocides in all
of history, and was fueled by
the United Nations and United
States funding during the
Carter Administration.
The last thing that
the elite power wants
is a sovereign group
or tribe setting
a positive example for others.
But keep in mind that followers
of monotheistic religions
are not to blame, just as not
all members of Freemasonry,
intelligence agencies,
fraternal orders,
or political organizations are
part of the esoteric agenda
that is being carried out.
And it is difficult
for most to comprehend,
but paganism is no more
dangerous than understanding
surgical procedures.
The knowledge can be very
useful when applied properly,
yet it can also have detrimental
effects if misused or abused.
Understand that most
all of these problems
are not by mistake,
but by design.
Most common people
do not understand
that colors, shapes,
catch words or phrases,
and biological cycles
are all used as talismans
to affect humanity on a
psychological and emotional
level, at the level
of consciousness.
Colors are used hypnotically
in every news channel
and corporate advertisement.
Fast food chains typically
use vibrant reds, yellows,
and whites in the restaurants
to cause the customers
to feel hurried and restless.
This, in turn, causes customers
to filter in and out quicker
to make way for more customers.
Simple business.
However, fine dining
restaurants make their money
on a peaceful experience.
So they use very
earthy, natural colors
such as soft greens, blues, and
browns to calm to the senses
and make for a lengthy
and peaceful meal.
The same goes for
the music that is
played at these establishments.
Specific musical
notations and progressions
can give relaxing or
exciting stimuli to the body
without our knowledge.
The music industry
goes even further,
and uses natural
rhythms of the heart
to map out the
tempo of pop songs.
But music is not a
product of our culture.
In 1986, the National
Academy of Science
found that infants
prefer consonant sounds
such as perfect fifths,
rather than dissonant ones.
This is just a small example
of how our natural ability
to understand the math
of music comes innately.
So be mindful when placing
a child in front of a TV
or near a stereo.
Those who believe that children
cannot comprehend violence
on the TV screen or aggression
from music are thinking
strictly with the left brain.
The child may not rationally
understand the words or actions
on the screen, but the right
brain, even in infants,
can absolutely
understand everything
in its immediate
environment, because it
transmits a frequency
that can affect
this on a subatomic level.
Science has even proven
that proper sonic vibrations
are essential for the
health of vegetation.
Studies done on
many ecosystems have
shown that when a
species becomes extinct,
another species will come in and
replace the song pattern to fit
the overall harmony of
the vibrations required
for that plant life to thrive.
All of these are
known as talismans,
and are used very carefully
by corporations and media.
Catch phrases are also used
to spark certain emotions
in the psyche.
When an average person
hears the words terror,
bombing, guns, murder,
the body and mind
respond with heightened
alertness and caution.
And when events such
as assassinations
of major leaders,
bombings, terrorism, or war
happen on large scales
throughout the world,
the body responds differently
at different times.
The tragic events involving
the Branch Davidians
at Waco and the
Oklahoma City bombing
claimed the lives of
men, women, and children
as they ended in
flames on April 19.
This is a pagan holiday
where human sacrifice
is made by fire.
The tragic events of
September 11, 2001,
happened on the Mayan calendar
date of 6 Emochs, which
represents large-scale change.
And then, when the US attacked
Afghanistan on October 7, 2001,
in retaliation, this was the
Mayan calendar date of 6 K,
which represents balancing.
Two pagan holidays identical to
two large-scale media events.
Were the people supposed to see
the best show of their lives
all over the media?
Who knows what the amazing
media coverage of these events
did to the collective psyche.
These large events
are not by chance.
One needs only to
look at the result
of the major political
decisions of the United States
since the inception
of the United Nations
to catch a glimpse
of the ultimate goal.
Every major war, assassination,
terrorist attack,
or security weakness exposed
has two specific common themes.
The unfortunate event
makes worldwide news
and scares or angers the public.
And the result, no
matter what, is always
the expansion of government
and the destruction
of constitutional freedoms.
It doesn't matter what the
excuse or explanation is.
The result always
tells the truth.
A child can give
the greatest excuse
every time he is
too sick for school,
but if it always happens
on the day of a test,
the truth is revealed
by the result.
Likewise, the
major media outlets
can give every
explanation in the book
as to why war is declared,
assassinations happen,
and terrorist events take place.
But if they all end up in
the expansion of government
and the destruction of
constitutional freedoms
for the people, the truth
is revealed by the result.
And because the vast
majority of the public
are completely ignorant of
the natural biological cycles
within us, it is increasingly
difficult for them
to accept that these events
are by no means an accident.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>David, he believes you're
fixing to hit us tonight,
he says.
>>No.
We are not fixing to hit you.
That is not true.
Nobody's coming in there.
>>OK.
>>You've got my word.
It's solid.
It's 1000% absolute.
>>OK.
>>Are you--
>>Hello?
>>Are you going to
come and kill me?
>>Hello?
No, honey.
No reason to come kill you.
>>Are you going to
come and kill me?
>>No.
No.
Nobody's coming.
>>I believe that using
CS gas against infants,
against old people with
respiratory problems--
there were 67-year-old
men in there.
And there were young
children-- that's torture.
And I can just see those kids
barfing, vomiting, screaming.
Because you can't
possibly have a gas mask
that'll fit a little kid.
>>Didn't their report
say that gas masks
don't fit on these babies?
>>That's correct.
>>Didn't they know that?
>>They should have known that.
>>We were told they weren't
going to be shooting.
And yet they're firing what
amounted to mortars or rockets
at us.
These ferret rounds, which
sounded like a mortar.
>>Were you afraid?
>>Yes.
>>These pieces of
equipment were unarmed,
as I understand it,
and were contracted.
It was like a good rent-a-car.
>>A good rent-a-car?
A tank going into a building?
>>When the governmental
agency made a decision
to breach holes
into the building,
they set up a configuration
of a pot-bellied stove.
You want it to burn slow,
you close off the vents.
If you want it to burn
fast, you open it up.
Well, they made a
configuration in that building
that was consistent to
a pot-bellied stove.
>>Infraspection analysts
noticed the same flash.
Quote, "A portion
of the video showed
a flash or pyrotechnic
explosion in one portion
of the building."
End quote.
This pyrotechnic
projectile was one
of two found in the
rubble of Mount Carmel.
It is a 40-millimeter
incendiary device
that is fired from a
handheld grenade launcher.
>>Was an explosion
at 9:00 this morning
did that damage you're
looking at right there.
>>I just took a
look down the street
at the Murrah Building again.
I see another bomb truck
going, so apparently they're
going to try to get out
that third bomb that's
been talked about.
>>I've been told by
the police department
that just as soon as
those bombs are defused,
they will permit the
medical teams to enter.
>>Now, we're also hearing from
some witnesses on the scene
that they've overheard from
firefighters that were first
on the scene that there was
a possibility that there was
a secondary explosive
device besides the car bomb
device outside the building,
and that that device may have
been placed near the nursery.
>>Also, we're getting word
now that President Clinton is
sending anti-terrorism
units down here--
>>Different teams.
>>--to look over the situation
to find out exactly what went
on, and what other danger may
be out there in Oklahoma City.
That's something we need to
think about, unfortunately,
this time, because
as we've told you,
two other explosive devices were
found that were not detonated.
And they were larger
than the first.
>>Right now, they
are saying that this
is the work of a
sophisticated group.
This is a very
sophisticated device.
And it has to have been done
by an explosives expert.
>>Talk to any police official
anywhere, and pretty soon he'll
bring up the shoot-out.
February, 1997.
Two bank robbers in full
body armor and firing AK-47s
did battle with
police on the streets
of North Hollywood, California.
It was every officer's
worst nightmare come true.
Cops outgunned by the bad guys.
After the LA shootout, requests
for surplus machine guns
increased dramatically.
The Los Angeles Police
Department alone
got 600 M-16s from surplus.
Nationwide, the number
given away more than doubled
this year.
And many departments decided
to issue them to regular patrol
officers on daily duty.
All because of one
shoot-out in one city.
>>That you understand I'm not
here representing the NRA.
I'm not even a member, OK?
Secondly, I'd like to say that
in your opening statements,
you commented specifically
on my testimony,
saying that it basically it had
nothing to do with this issue.
And I had to chuckle,
because then I
noticed you had
Mr. Brady up here,
who was hit not with
an assault weapon,
but with a 22 caliber revolver.
So getting beyond
that, a couple of years
ago, my parents and I went
to a cafeteria in Texas
on a bright sunny day.
We weren't in a dark alley
where we weren't supposed to be.
And as you all know
the story, this madman
drove his truck
through the window.
And he began shooting.
Well, immediately my father
and I got down on the floor
and put the table
up front of us.
And this guy kept shooting.
And you're thinking,
what could it be?
Is it a robbery?
That's the first thing that
generally comes to mind.
And he keeps shooting.
It took me a good 45 seconds to
realize this man wasn't there
to commit a robbery.
He wasn't there for a hit.
He was simply there to
shoot as many people
as he possibly could.
I can tell you that I'm not
mad at the guy that did this.
As he continued, it was
obvious he was a madman.
My father, at that point,
said, I've got to do something.
I've got to do something.
He's going to kill
everybody in here.
And he rushed the man.
No way.
Guy turned, shot
him in the chest.
He went down.
Was obviously mortally wounded.
For whatever reason, that
made the man change directions
and go off to my left.
Shortly thereafter, someone
at the back of the restaurant
broke out a window.
When I saw what looked like
an opportunity to escape,
I turned around, and I grabbed
my mother by the shirt,
and I said, come on, come on.
We've to run.
We've got to get out of here.
And then my feet grew wings,
and I was out the back window.
As soon as I got out, I
realized that my mother had not
followed me out.
And as I learned from
the police officers,
she had crawled over to where
my father was, and cradled him
until the guy got back around
to her, put the gun to her head.
She looked up at him,
put her head down,
and he pulled the trigger.
My parents had just had their
47th wedding anniversary.
She wasn't going anywhere.
As I mentioned, I'm not really
mad at the guy that did this.
And I'm certainly not mad
at the guns that did this.
They didn't walk in
there by themselves
and pull their own triggers.
The guy that did
it was a lunatic.
That's like being
mad at a rabid dog.
I'm mad at my legislators
for legislating me out
of a right to protect
myself and my family.
I would much rather
be sitting in jail
with a felony
offense on my head,
and have my parents alive.
As far as these so-called
assault weapons,
you say that they don't
have any defense use.
You tell that to the guy that
I saw on a videotape of the LA
riots, standing up on
his rooftop protecting
his property and his life
from an entire mob with one
of these so-called
assault weapons.
Tell me that he didn't have a
legitimate self-defense use.
Just one final statement.
I've been sitting here getting
more and more fed up with all
of this talk about these
pieces of machinery having
no legitimate sporting purpose.
No legitimate hunting purpose.
People, that is not the point
of the Second Amendment.
The Second Amendment is
not about duck hunting.
And I know I'm not going to make
very many friends saying this,
but it's about our
right, all of our right,
to be able to protect ourselves
from all the you guys up there.
>>What is at stake is more
than one small country.
It is a big idea,
a new world order,
where diverse nations are
drawn together in common cause
to achieve the universal
aspirations of mankind.
>>The soldiers that
you see before you
represent not the past,
but, rather, the future.
It is through
exercises such as this
that, truly, we can
create a new world order.
[BELL TOLLING]
>>The daily life we perceive
with our five senses
is not reality.
Quantum physics has
shown that space and time
are illusions of perception.
Therefore, our bodies cannot
truly be a reality if they
occupy the space.
>>Ernest Rutherford performed
an experiment in Manchester
that revealed to him the shape
of the interior of an atom.
Scientists were shocked to
discover that the atom is
almost entirely empty space.
The question then became how
could this empty atom possibly
make the solid world around us?
>>Our true consciousness
does not exist in our brains
or in our bodies.
But this illusion of
our individual bodies,
along with the misinformation
of our true origins
has manifested the idea that
we all think independently
from one another.
With this
misunderstanding, it would
impossible to scientifically
explain telepathy,
clairvoyance, spiritual
mediums, and other phenomena
dealing with transferring
information between sources
without physical means
of communication.
But when you
understand that there
is a common spiritual
bond between all things
in the universe, and that we
are all part of one divine
intelligence, no phenomena
is unexplainable.
This simple understanding
fills all the holes
in modern religions.
It explains reincarnation, deja
vu, predictions of the future,
and literally every event
occurrence or anomaly
ever experienced.
The blank matter within the
most basic building blocks
of perceivable existence is
malleable and molded by intent.
This means that consciousness
shapes our reality.
This seems difficult
to accept for most,
and it is quite understandable.
In modern times, we are
taught from an early age
how to think rationally
and tangibly.
This is a very left-brain
method of education,
and it has more harmful effects
than it's given credit for.
The left brain deals with
logic, details, facts, patterns,
practicality, science, and math.
As the right brain deals with
feeling, intuition, symbols,
images, risk-taking,
philosophy, and religion.
With a deliberate push
for government-controlled
educational
curriculums, generation
after generation
of the youth are
being taught to focus only
on the facts, figures,
and numbers.
Repetition is used to train
children subconsciously
to accept what they're learning.
Children aren't
rewarded for questioning
the validity of the
information they receive.
They are ridiculed.
However, the
children who blindly
accept the information
as true and merely
regurgitate the
information on command when
it is time to take a
test, those children
go on to become
the decision-makers
in our government, law,
medicine, business,
and every other occupation
with power and prestige.
The most detrimental
effect of being pushed away
from holistic thinking
with the full brain
into a strictly
left-brain thought
is what is known as the
suppression of the feminine.
Every male and female have
both feminine and masculine
qualities.
It has nothing to do
with man or woman.
These are represented by
the left and right brain.
Yin and yang.
Black and white.
Light and dark.
And most every other duality.
Both are vital to our
spiritual and physical health.
In ancient Egypt, the
female was the rightful heir
to the throne.
The make she chose to
marry became pharaoh.
This depicted the
goddess tradition
that has been
destroyed to make way
for a patriarchal,
male-dominated society we
see enforced in every
major denomination.
In suppressing the
feminine of every society
and pushing the people to
strictly left-brain thinking,
the natural ability for humanity
to feel earthly, cosmic,
and personal energy became lost.
Traditions that were passed on
through shamans, witch doctors,
magicians, psychics,
and seers of all kind
became outlawed and ridiculed,
and given a stigma of something
out of a Hollywood movie.
Every religion explains
that we are children of God
and have godliness inside of us.
If you erase the
anthropomorphized god
and understand that God is
nothing more than spiritual web
that connects all things,
all religious scriptures
begin to make much more sense.
Our bodies are merely vessels
to contain our spirit, to gather
experience for the divine mind.
This is how evolution
is possible.
It is scientifically proven
that all species are evolving
into more complex beings.
Innate knowledge or racial
memory within all species
is the understanding of
newborns of all kinds
automatically know
specific details and traits
that the mother does
not have to teach them.
Therefore, innate knowledge
helps every species naturally
evolve towards a more
complex organisms.
Lyle Watson claims that it
was a Japanese scientist who
observed the hundredth
monkey effect in 1952.
In this observation,
he discovered
that a certain portion
or percentage of monkeys
learned or developed
a new trait,
the knowledge became an innate
ability in that species.
This is further testimony to
a collective consciousness
among species.
Everything in existence
has a natural vibration
to it, from our
atoms all the way
to the vastness of the universe.
To show a simple connection
between the Earth
and our bodies, take a look
at our bodies' harmonic
focal points, better
known as our chakras.
Just as there are harmonic focal
points on the guitar string,
there are locations
within our body
where our vibrations culminate.
In Eastern philosophies,
these seven chakras
are used to bring
health and balance
to the physical
and spiritual body.
Our Earth also has
seven chakra points
at equally distant
locations from one another.
There's one chakra
point on each continent.
The root chakra is in
Mount Shasta, California.
The sexual chakra is in the
Isle of Sun, Lake Titicaca,
in South America.
The solar plexus chakra is
Uluru Kata Tjuta in Australia.
The heart chakra
is in Glastonbury
or Shaftesbury, England.
The throat chakra is where the
Great Pyramids of Giza in Egypt
are.
The third eye chakra is in
Kuh-e-Malek Siah in Iran.
And the crown chakra is
at Mount Kailash in Tibet.
Scientifically, this
is explained because
at the core of our Earth,
there is a molten iron crystal
that resonates at
approximately seven Hertz.
There are energy vortexes
all over the earth
where electromagnetic
energy emanates.
There are also several
vile vortices surrounding
the equator where
strange anomalies occur,
such as radio and
compass malfunctions,
as well as plane and
ship disappearances.
You may have heard
of a few of these.
So the intangible parts of our
existence, such as emotions,
are part of the true reality
of higher consciousness.
If emotions are part of a realm
that we cannot experience with
our five senses, then how
is it that we are all aware
of our emotions?
What most people
believe to be emotions
are not truly the
emotion itself.
What we are experiencing is
the physical manifestation
of these emotions.
Anger causes disturbance in the
psyche, which manifests itself
in the ego.
These manifestations
cause the heart rate
to increase, body
temperature to rise,
and spawn many other physical
traits that signify anger.
Just as music from the radio
is a physical manifestation
of an intangible signal,
our experience of emotion
is the physical manifestation
of an intangible signal as well.
It has been shown
that our emotions have
a vibratory frequency to them.
Furthermore, there
are only two emotions
that humankind
experiences-- fear and love.
All other emotions branch
either directly or indirectly
from these two emotions.
Fear has a long and slow
frequency vibration to it,
while love has a very
rapid and high frequency.
To show the vibrations of the
very foundation of existence,
Hans Jenny developed what is
known cymatics in the 1940s
to show that when
vibrations of sound
are passed through
a form of media,
there's a set
pattern that follow.
When the frequency
increases, the media
develops into a more
complex pattern.
This is precisely what
is happening to our Earth
and to humanity.
There are 64 possible codes
of amino acids in our DNA
structure made from four
elements-- carbon, oxygen,
hydrogen, and nitrogen.
By any means of logic we
should have all 64 codes
activated within
our DNA structure.
Yet we presently only
have 20 active codes.
>>And of theses
64 possibilities,
it appears that only
20 of these codes
are turned on right now for
us-- the 20 amino acids.
There is a switch that turns off
and turns on where those coding
sites lie.
And that the switch for that
turning off and turning on
is what we call emotion.
This is the first
time that we've ever
seen the patterns of emotion
directly physically linked
to human genetic material.
Well, fear is a long,
slow wave of emotion.
So this wave of fear
is a long, slow wave,
and touches relatively
few sites on this DNA.
So an individual
living in fear is
limited to the number
of antenna that they
have available to them.
Whereas an individual living
in the pattern of love--
this is love in DNA.
You can see it's a higher
frequency, shorter wavelength.
We have many more potential
sites for coding along
that genetic pattern.
This information--
this is amazing.
This is the first
time we've ever
had a hard digital link
between emotion and genetics.
>>This is important
to understand,
because another researcher
named Vladimir Popenov measured
tiny particles of light called
photons inside a vacuum tube.
The photons were
scattered as expected.
A sample of DNA was then
entered into the vacuum tube,
and they measured
the photons again.
They found that the
particles of light
aligned themselves along
the axis of the DNA.
Then, as they removed
the DNA sample,
the photons remained aligned
to the same form of the DNA,
even though no DNA was present.
This is what is known as
the phantom DNA experiment.
Science has now bridged
a very important gap
between physical and
ethereal or spiritual.
Our emotions directly
affect the structure
of our DNA, which directly
shapes the physical world we
experience every day.
So the messages
left by the ancients
that we've explained here
were more than just prophecies
about a one world government
or a new world order.
We now understand why the
study of the heavenly bodies
were so important.
The rotation and orbit of all
that makes up our universe
serves as a clock to map
changes and transitions.
This helped the
ancients understand
that the change of
the heavenly bodies
were a mirror to the
changes of all existence.
December 21, 2012, is
simply a natural transition
from one form of
energy to the next.
The transcendental
evolution of man.
This date is what's
known as zero point.
Our sun, as well as
our planet Earth,
is losing its magnetic
field as the Earth
is slowing in its rotation.
All the while, its base
resonant frequency--
also known as the Schumann
cavity resonance--
is increasing in accordance
with predictable sequence
of the Fibonacci theory.
At a cellular level,
our bodies respond
to an electromagnetic pulse.
The ancients called
this the sacred circuit.
The cells receive this
pulse from the brain,
which receives its pulse from
the heart, which receives
its pulse from the Earth.
This pulse comes from the solar
system, which from there comes
from the galaxy,
which ultimately
comes from our entire universe.
We literally share a pulse
with all of existence.
Yet another example of
everything being one.
For as long as scientists have
been recording the Earth's
pulse, it has remained
approximately 7.8 cycles
per second.
This was a constant fixed
number until 1986 into 1987.
It rapidly began increasing
to about nine cycles
per second in 1996.
So in one decade, it increased
by about two cycles per second.
By 2012, this
pulse will be right
around 13 cycles per second,
just as the Fibonacci theory
indicates.
What does this
mean for humanity?
Just as cymatics has shown
that higher frequencies result
in more complex
patterns, we are now
experiencing the
beginning of a major shift
in both physical and
spiritual vibration.
It's difficult to understand
what exactly will happen
to our physical bodies, but
ancient, scriptures pagan
and monotheistic
religions, mystery schools,
and secret fraternal
orders have all
given indications as to what
this experience will be like.
This will be the
shift of the ages--
the transcendental period of
monumental changes to humanity.
Those unprepared
for this transition
will likely not be able to
cope with the rapid changes
in the psyche.
The only way to prepare
for what is to come
is what we have sought after
for our entire lives-- truth.
Not the truth about governments,
commerce, religions, terrorism,
or anything external,
but the truth
within ourselves, within our
psyche and our shadow itself.
Especially in Western cultures,
we are taught that being normal
means only being happy and
never sad, only loving and never
angry, only forgiving
and never jealous.
This sounds plausible,
but it is not.
We are not meant to repress
any negative emotions,
because it causes imbalance.
To conquer our emotions, we must
embrace them, not fight them.
We must acknowledge
them, and allow
them to serve their purpose
as we learn from them.
The ancient Essene
culture left teachings
dating back about 6,000 years.
They taught that
our relationships
with one another,
with the universe,
and with situations
and events are
mirrors of the
parts of our psyche
that need to be cleansed.
Author Greg Braden beautifully
explains this entire segment
at great length in his work.
His hard work and
understanding of these subjects
contributed largely to the
marriage between science
and spirituality.
It is very important
to understand
that when you fear loss,
fear death, fear war, fear
terrorism, or fear change,
you are giving others
the ability to control
you based on those fears.
When you fight against
poverty or against racism,
when you fight for
relationships or for freedom,
you are outwardly
attempting to repress
that which has been placed
before you to conquer inwardly.
These situations are
mirrors of our fears.
This is why it is important
to love and only love.
Love those who stand with you,
but especially those who stand
against you.
Don't look at your
fears as a threat.
Rather, understand that
this material world is only
a physical manifestation
of either the love
or fear in your consciousness.
It's as plain as day.
All you need to conquer in
your life is in your face.
If you want to understand what
your true inner fears are,
analyze your ambitions
and your inhibitions.
Everything explained here
about the esoteric agenda
of the elite few at the
very top is nothing to fear.
They have been at
work for thousands
of years behind the scenes
to manipulate humanity.
And it has worked, until now.
>>It's very easy for
any system of thought,
religious or otherwise,
that comes along,
it's very easy to play on that,
to play on our insecurities,
to assure us all as well
we'll all be taken care of.
We lap that up.
So don't blame religion.
Blame our own insecurities,
which has allowed religion
to flourish, and
which has allowed
so many systems of thoughts that
are disempowering to flourish
throughout human history.
That's why we can't
get out of it.
>>Ron Sedgley, department
chairman chemistry
at University of
California, Berkeley,
showed that DNA acts as
an antenna for cellular
up regulation.
The primary function they taught
us about what DNA is about,
it's a receiver and transmitter
of photons, light and phonon
sound.
But what?
Cellular up regulation?
Meaning that their water
molecules, the pyramid
power around the DNA
spiral energizing strands,
are taking in the spiritual
energy of love vibrations
and sending it out for
manifesting, precipitating,
in a quantum field-- the
physical matter of the body.
These are Hertz frequencies,
or cycles per second,
that the musicians can
retune their instruments
to play and experiment with.
Why?
Again, these are the
creator's musical scale,
the original solfeggio.
Buried for 3,000
years in the bible.
So the ancient
priests who knew how
to levitate the huge stones for
the building of the pyramids,
and the Masonic knowledge
that predated ancient Egypt,
the ability to have this
information, these frequencies
serve the function of creation,
destruction, and miracles
on behalf of the
empowered people who
have access to this knowledge.
I say that because
of this metaphor.
This is the difference between
the power of our creator
and anything else,
particularly evil.
That you can go into a
pitch-black room full of evil,
call of darkness, and
light a little candle.
And instantly, that
darkness flees.
But you can't do the opposite.
You can't go into a well-lit
room full of truth, and wisdom,
and righteousness,
and joy, and health,
and harmony with
the universal power.
And you can't take
any amount of darkness
and go into that well-lit room
and have any effect whatsoever.
That is the metaphor
which I frequently
think of when I think
that I'm not empowered.
It is the greatest
lesson for me,
and I think for
everybody else, to know
that we're on the
winning side, And that we
will win in the end.
>>As you are watching this,
understand that is not
a fight to be fought.
It is not a war to be waged.
No gun rights have
to be exercised.
Not a finger has to be lifted.
Most people wonder how one
person can make a difference.
They ask that if all
this is so simple,
and this information
is available,
why hasn't someone else
conquered their fears
and changed the world
for everyone else?
This is the most difficult
and beautiful conundrum
to our lives.
Your reality affects
you, and only you.
Your curiosity has led you
to this genre of information
to serve a very specific
purpose in your life.
To understand visually how the
universe is truly a hologram,
a math professor
at Yale University
developed the formula that
is plugged into a computer
program.
Named after him,
the Mandelbrot set
shows a seemingly
disorganized pattern.
But no matter how far
you zoom into the design,
you will always find
the same pattern
within the whole pattern.
Each fractal broken
down infinitely
will always reflect the whole.
When one fractal
changes its pattern.
The sum total of the whole
pattern changes along with it.
This exemplifies that
the whole world does not
need to be awoken.
There's no race to inform
the 6 billion people
on this planet of this message.
It is only important
that you personally
learn to conquer your innermost
fears and learn to love.
When you see your fears for
what they are, and master
your emotions, then, and only
then, will you truly be free.
[MUSIC PLAYING]